Thank you for taking the time to consider contributing to Manticore. Please be
aware that this is a hobby project. It is developered and maintained when I
have the time, as a result it changes sporadically. 


## Contributions.

### Reporting a data error.

If you encounter bugs in the data — where the data used in Manticore deviates 
from the material printed in the 13th Age rule books — please feel free to 
either make a note in the github issue tracker[1], or by making the correction 
to the datafile itself (static/data/bestiary.json) and making a pull request. 
If you opt to do the pull request, please run the test suite prior to making 
the request to ensure that you haven't made any errors.



### Reporting a user interface or generation bug. 

Please report bugs in the github issue tracker[1]. When reporting the steps 
consider the following questions:

 1. What operating system and browser are you using? Please mention the 
    appropriate version numbers.
 2. What did you do?
 3. What did you expect to see?
 4. What did you see instead?

While I try to respond to bugs in a timely fashion please note that 
sometimes life gets in the road. 

Like with data errors, pull requests are welcome for bug fixes. If you are able
to make a test case but cannot figure out how to make a fix yourself, I will 
gladly take a pull request for that. Please attempt to match the coding style
of the piece of code you modify, and do not include any new dependancies. I am
quite finickity about the code in the project, and may request changes before I
accept your request; please do not be offended. As always, run the test suite 
before logging a pull request.


### Suggesting a new feature.

Before making a feature request or pull request please look at the existing 
issues in the issue tracker. The 'Enhancement' label[2] contains a list of all 
the features and improvements I am currently considering.

I prioritize features that will improve the quality of the generated results
over other features. A feature that will significantly increase the overall
complexity of the codebase, or the performance profile of the allocation 
algorithm are not likely to be accepted. 

Please do not start working on a pull request for a feature without first 
raising it as an issue. There is no garuntee it will be accepted. I will also 
be the fussiest about code style and quality for feature requests. Again, pull
requests that require additional dependancies will not be accepted. 


## On the codebase.

I try to keep the wiki[3] on the project github  maintained and up to date with
resources to help you understand the project. Please look there first!


[1] Issue tracker: https://github.com/brehaut/manticore/issues
[2] https://github.com/brehaut/manticore/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aenhancement 
[3] https://github.com/brehaut/manticore/wiki